Woman:
I spoke to Rebecca.
She wants to facetime
with you this week.
I don't want her
seeing me like this.
Your sister doesn't care
about your vanity, Alex.
She's in kandahar, mom.
Worrying about me is
a distraction she can't afford.
Fine.
But she's gonna have some
choice words for you,
when she gets home
next month.
(Laughs quietly)
Just wait till she writes
my eulogy.
(Laughs)
You keep talking like that,
and I am gonna be the
reason you're in this bed.
I know the statistics
on leukemia, mom.
You're gonna make it
through this.
You know why?
Because you're a Quinn.
And a Quinn...
Never backs down from a fight.
That's my boy.
Now get some rest.
I'll check back
on you later.
Recorded voice: We're sorry,
the number you are calling
has been disconnected.
Where are you, Sean?
Paulette Quinn?
No...
Not Rebecca.
The commandant of
the marine corps
has entrusted me to express
his deep regret
that your daughter,
captain Rebecca Quinn,
was killed in action.
(Sobbing)
¶ ¶
and here I am, rinsing her
off in the sink.
Isn't she a beauty?
That's one way
to describe it.
She's kind of small.
How much does she weigh?
20 pounds. 20 pounds.
She's perfect.
Ah, look at you, proud papa.
Let me see.
Oh!
Jimbo...
What'd you do
to poor baby Victoria?
Wha..? Tony,
it's a turducken.
A what?!
It's a turducken.
It's a duck,
stuffed inside a chicken,
stuffed inside a Turkey.
That's like something
out of a horror movie!
Jimmy: Well, this was
just a practice run.
You know, the main event
is gonna happen
on Thanksgiving,
at Dr. Mallard's.
Oh!
Oh, don't forget
Delilah and I will be late.
We are joining Abby
at the soup kitchen
earlier that afternoon.
That's right!
How about you, Tony?
Oh, well...
Zoe and senior
are out of town,
and, after the last few weeks,
I need a little alone time.
Jimmy:
I wish Ellie were here.
This'd be right up her alley.
Has anybody talked to her?
She's still in Oklahoma
with her family.
I know that holidays
are all about
good will to men, but...
I would love to give that Jake
a piece of my mind.
Ooh. Agent Gibbs
already did that.
I overheard him on
the phone yesterday.
You know, there's this
vein that pulsates
on Gibbs' forehead
when he gets angry.
And yesterday, I'm pretty sure
it was beating
to the darth vader theme.
(Jimmy laughing)
You guys ever seen that?
They are now.
Ring, ring.
(Clears throat)
Aw, it's Dr. Mallard.
I-i gotta take this.
This... (Stammers)
(Chuckles quietly)
Wow.
Got enough kindling there
for five winters.
Honey, why don't you
take a break?
Come have some iced tea.
Not really in the mood.
You know, if I'd have
known you were
going to be this productive,
i would've made a chore list.
(Laughs)
Is dad on the road yet?
Yeah, they left Wyoming
about an hour ago.
Your grandparents
are traveling with him,
so they probably won't get here
till Thanksgiving.
(Grunts)
Are you ever gonna
call your brothers,
and let them know
you're home, honey?
They'd love to see you.
They have their own lives, mom.
(Grunts)
Thanksgiving's just
a few days away and...
I'll see them then.
(Gently):
Eleanor... hey.
Look, you know I'm here
for you, right?
I just need some time, mom.
Okay. I understand. I...
Well, you might want
to remind Jake of that.
Your phone's been
ringing nonstop.
(Bishop sighs)
(Sighs)
You know, I do know a thing
or two about relationships.
Whatever problems
you two are having,
you know, you have
to address it.
It's so much better to nip it
in the bud than let it drag on.
(Phone ringing)
(Sighs)
You're right.
Problem nipped.
Think I'm ready
for that iced tea.
I understand.
Yes, it will have
our full attention.
Of course.
Yes, sir.
That the was
the secretary of defense.
He needs our help
with a time-sensitive matter.
Terror threat?
No, Gibbs.
A dying sailor.
Lieutenant Alex Quinn, 26,
a patient at Walter Reed.
He's battling leukemia.
Why is secdef involved
in a medical case?
This became top priority
for the dod after the death
of the lieutenant's sister.
Marine captain
Rebecca Quinn.
She was killed last week
by an I.E.D. In kandahar.
Their oldest sibling,
major William Quinn--
he died nine months ago
when his helo was shot down
in helmand province.
This family has had
enough tragedy.
What's is Alex
Quinn's prognosis?
His best chance for survival
is a bone marrow transplant,
but they haven't been able
to find a viable donor.
The doctors are hoping
there might be a match
within his familial DNA.
Another sibling?
Yeah.
Sean Quinn, 23,
youngest in the family.
Where is he?
That is the big question.
Sean had a falling out
with his family six months ago,
and no one's been able
to establish
contact with him since.
Clock's ticking, Gibbs.
Find Sean Quinn.
His brother's life
depends on it.
The military's been in our blood
for generations.
My husband and I both served,
and our children wanted
to continue the tradition.
Except Sean?
Well, Sean tried to enlist,
but was medically denied
due to a heart murmur.
That rejection
always stuck with him.
Is that when he
started having problems?
No, he
spiraled when will died.
He was my oldest.
Sean adored him.
That's when
he started drinking.
Got fired from his job, and
fell in with a bad crowd.
Bad how?
Sean became secretive.
He moved into a new apartment,
and disappeared
for weeks at a time.
When's the last time
you saw him?
Six months ago.
He stopped returning my calls
and just...
Cut us out of his life.
He doesn't even know
about Rebecca.
Please, find Sean.
Bring him home.
And how long has Sean Quinn been
renting from you, Mr. brinkman?
Oh, last eight months.
Sean's not in any kind
of trouble, is he?
No, we just want
to have a little chat with him.
Oh, that's good, 'cause
he's the best tenant I have.
You know, never throws parties,
is hardly around,
and always pays on time.
Wish all were like that.
Any idea where Sean is now?
Well, I don't get too involved
in my tenants' lives.
It's harder to raise their rent
if I care about 'em.
Look at you.
The holiday spirit is alive
and well.
I'm a business man,
and not a philanthropist.
Tony?
Oy, you better
put that back
the way you found it.
I'm not paying
for any damages.
Looks like you got something.
Whoa.
Someone is in
for a serious rent increase.
Guess being unemployed
pays these days.
There's something else here.
Passports.
Whose?
Well, they have different names,
but all the same
photo-- Sean Quinn.
Well, whatever he's involved in,
it doesn't look legal.
(With Southern accent):
Lookie, lookie.
It's federal agent Barbie.
I see you're still
raiding dad's closet.
No need to put on airs
around here.
Quit talking like that, George.
(Without Southern accent):
Oh, I missed you, sis.
Oh!
Mmm! I missed you, too.
Jb and the kids with you?
They'll be here Thursday.
I wanted some bonding time
with my baby sister.
Mom called you.
Mom called me.
I told her
not to do that.
Well, can you blame her?
You show up here, unannounced.
Ah, I didn't know I needed
an invitation to come home.
You're not exactly known
for your spontaneity, ell.
Remember that Halloween
we tped the Van tassel house?
You planned our attack
a year in advance.
I like to be organized.
And I love that about you,
but I know that your visit
has nothing to do
with the holidays.
(George grunts,
both laughing)
I'm your big brother, ell.
I'm gonna pry it out of you.
Still hope you remember the
password to the clubhouse.
Yeah.
Abby:
Hey, Gibbs.
Almost finished
with your pumpkin proxy.
My what?
Spot on, right?
I made one of all of us.
It's for my
cornucopia centerpiece
for the soup kitchen.
See, there's Tony,
and... bishop.
And... speaking of bishop,
let's hear about
that phone call with Jake.
Abbs.
We will revisit this
at another time.
What did you find?
The money that Tony
and McGee found
in Sean Quinn's
apartment is fake.
Not the most significant
counterfeit I've ever seen.
The coloring is distorted
and there's no
3D ribboning,
but, you know, it's good
enough to fool someone
with an untrained eye.
How much?
$100,000 in this batch.
There's no telling how much
is already out in circulation.
What was Sean Quinn doing
with counterfeit currency?
Tony: The holidays mean an
influx in cash transactions.
Making it nearly
impossible to trace
where the forgeries
originated,
but Sean wasn't just
exploiting the retail angle.
Over the last six months,
he made multiple trips
to casinos
along the east coast,
trading in the fakes
for the real ones.
What about the passports?
Aliases that Sean
traveled under.
Loop in the secret service.
Oh, they already know.
Special agent fornell,
look at that.
Your hair grew back almost.
You see, this is why you're
my least favorite, DiNozzo.
Scratch that.
Second least favorite.
Gibbs?
New look.
What's next--
skinny jeans?
Care to fill us in, director?
FBI and the secret service
have been tracking
this counterfeiting
scheme for the last year.
As far as we can ascertain,
it's a small group that keeps
their inner circle protected.
We're still trying to pin down
the base of operations.
So, you got nothing.
Ooh, somebody got up
on the wrong side
of the couch this morning.
Was Sean Quinn part
of this inner circle?
No, no.
Sean's just a lower-level
money washer.
He was recruited by
a Thomas Reynolds.
Friend from high school
and fellow washer.
When Reynolds
got sticky fingers,
he found himself in the potomac
with a bullet in his head.
That's when Sean came
to us as an informant.
Once he works his way
to the inner circle,
we can take these guys down.
Agent fornell has been briefed
on the quinns'
family situation, Gibbs.
We've worked out a compromise.
I can't risk bringing Sean here
to give you a blood sample.
So I'll take you to him.
He's meeting us a designated
FBI safe house tonight.
You didn't want
to lead with that?
Did you ever get
that fruit basket I sent you?
Absolutely no rush
on a thank you card.
I'm gonna kick his ass.
(Laughs)
Why is that funny?
I'm serious.
Do you remember
the last time you tried
to fight one of my boyfriends?
You ended up
in the hospital
with a broken nose.
Mm-hmm, where I met
a cute candy striper
who I fell in love with
and married.
One of the best days
of my life.
I don't think there's
much hope for a happy ending
in this circumstance.
Bringing out the big guns.
1989 BlackBerry cordial.
Wow, I can't believe
that's still in there.
It's just what
the doctor ordered.
Mmm.
Are we gonna talk about
the gold elephant in the room?
You're still
wearing your ring.
Does that mean you want
to try and work it out?
Marriage isn't something
you just give up on.
Those vows meant
something to me.
Hey, you weren't the
one who broke them.
Even when things were
bad, I always thought
that Jake and I would
find our way through it.
When jb and I are
faced with challenges,
that's when we lean
on each other the most.
We're stronger
because of it.
And that kind of love,
can't exist without trust, ell.
Barbara:
Eleanor?
We're trying to
have a moment.
Uh, there's a call for you
on the house line.
It's a very special agent
Anthony DiNozzo.
Oh, duty calls.
(Grunts)
We passed this street twice.
Had to make sure
we weren't being followed.
(Car doors close)
How's Emily?
Is she home?
Yeah, she just got back from
boarding school yesterday.
She told me she wants
to cook Thanksgiving dinner.
That's nice.
"Nice"?
You remember what kind
of a cook Diane was?
Yes, hard to forget.
Emily's worse.
(Chuckles)
Tobias?
Hey, duck?
Go wait in the car.
Oh, splendid idea.
That's agent Potter,
Sean's handler.
His sidearm's gone.
So's Sean.
Where the hell is he?
Got it, boss.
We'll keep looking.
Any sign of Sean Quinn
at the other safe houses.
Nothing.
The more time ticks away,
the more Alex Quinn's
health deteriorates.
We can't put all our eggs
in Sean's basket.
Tony, what type of bullet
did Abby say
killed special agent Potter?
Nine millimeter, why?
I just got a hit off of one
of Sean Quinn's passports.
Nine millimeter glock
is registered to
one of his aliases.
Sean might be the shooter.
What are you working
on that's so important?
Is that a bone
marrow database?
Yeah, we're trying to help
a dying sailor find a donor.
The transplant team said there
wasn't a viable donor available.
Turns out, there was
a match in the system, but...
The donor declined
the transplant request.
So your plan is to track them
down and change their mind?
Exactly.
I'm trying to hack
into the tissue database,
and access
their contact information.
I'm in.
All right, the donor's name
is Richard doogan.
He's former military
and he's only a few hours away
in Kansas at--
what?
Uh, it's nothing.
Ell, where in Kansas is he?
Leavenworth
disciplinary barracks.
Doogan's serving life
for double homicide.
I need to update Gibbs.
There's still time.
I can head to leavenworth
and talk to doogan.
Yeah, I'm sure the convicted
murderer is a reasonable man.
Tell mom I'll be back later.
Careful, Mr. Palmer.
The skin will tear
if the stitches are too tight.
No need to be a
backseat doctor, doctor.
I have done this
many times before.
Aren't we brimming
with confidence.
And my work here
is done.
Bravo.
Ah, Jethro, you're just in time
for Mr. Palmer's unveiling.
What's going on?
As you can see,
I've been running a-fowl.
(Chuckling)
Oh, it's classic.
You have something for me?
We do.
Hey, Gibbs.
You ready for this?
Sean Quinn did not kill
special agent Potter.
The bullet
we took from his chest cavity
had on it DNA
from two separate individuals.
Special agent Potter's DNA
and Sean Quinn's DNA.
They were hit
with the same bullet, Gibbs.
While it may not have
killed Sean Quinn,
he would've required
medical attention.
I checked with
all local hospitals,
clinics, urgent cares--
none of them
have a GSW victim
that matches Sean Quinn's
physical description.
He wouldn't go to a hospital.
He knows somebody's after him.
He'd be hiding out.
Yeah, but where?
Which pen pal program
are you from?
The federal one.
NCIS, special agent bishop.
What could the Navy
possibly want from me?
Your help.
(Chuckles)
This I got to hear.
In 2003, you were a patient
at St. Matthias hospital,
where you gave a
tissue donation.
You're the one who requested
my bone marrow.
Technically no.
But I'm asking that
you reconsider donating.
Must be pretty important for you
to come all the way out here.
Who's it for?
Lieutenant Alex Quinn.
He's battling leukemia,
and you are
a near-perfect match for him.
There's no other donor
in the system?
At the moment, no.
A donation would require
a minor surgical procedure.
You would be transferred to the
medical ward for your recovery.
There are some
risks, but--
sure, I'll be the donor.
Really?
Thank you, doogan.
You're saving a man's life.
Uh, I do have
one stipulation.
Which is what?
A deal.
In exchange
for my bone marrow,
I want my life sentence
reduced to time served.
I want to walk out of here
a free man.
Open up.
I knew Sean was
mixed up in something.
But I never imagined this.
He went to the FBI.
He was trying to
do the right thing.
And it got him shot.
Do you have children,
agent Gibbs?
I did.
A daughter.
Then you know
the unimaginable pain
a parent goes through
having to bury their child.
I lost a son
and a daughter.
Another is deteriorating
in front of my eyes.
And now you tell me my youngest
is seriously injured
and missing.
I don't think
i could take much more.
Your sons?
They are strong
just like you.
And we'll save
both of them.
How?
By finding Sean.
Where would he go and lay low?
Someplace he feels safe.
His boat.
Sean and will bought it from
a junkyard a few years ago.
The two of them spent
nearly every weekend
trying to restore it.
Where's that?
A storage unit
near spinnaker Marina.
Tony:
Which unit is Sean's?
Number 12.
Oh.
Ten bucks, the name of the
boat is a nautical pun.
25-foot cruiser named
latitude adjustment.
Yeah. Name of the
boat is crucial.
I've had mine picked
out for years.
Go ahead, you'll
never guess.
The codfather?
We've been working
together too long.
Here we go.
McGee:
Blood.
(Whispers):
Look at the blood.
It's Sean.
He's alive.
Call an ambulance.
Tony:
Gibbs.
What's the update
on Sean's condition?
He lost a lot of blood.
Bullet didn't do
any serious damage.
Doctors expect him
to make a full recovery.
What, DiNozzo?
The hospital did
a full blood panel on Sean.
He's not a viable donor
for his brother.
Leavenworth's
the only option left.
What did bishop find
on the inmate?
Oh, well...
This guy, Richard doogan,
former army sergeant,
33 years old.
Eight years into a life sentence
for the murder of
two Iraqi detainees in 2007.
Any family?
Parents are deceased.
No spouse, no sibling,
no children.
We have no leverage
against this guy.
The fact that doogan's so
close a match to Alex Quinn
is already an anomaly.
That's why he's angling
for a deal.
Doogan knows
he holds all the cards.
You're running
point, DiNozzo.
Find out who shot Sean,
who killed agent Potter.
And where are you going?
I got a plane to catch.
Hey. What's going on?
Abby: I'm watching casino
security footage on Sean Quinn.
I'm trying to find a way
into this counterfeit scheme.
So far,
it's just been a bust.
I mean,
either Sean was there alone
or the cameras never caught him
meeting up with anybody.
Fornell mentioned that
the FBI and secret service
have been after these forgers
for a year.
Sean only came into the
operation six months ago.
So that means someone else had
to be doing the casino runs
before he came along.
Okay. Let's check footage from
earlier this year using
facial recognition software,
see if we can find
any frequent visitors.
Oh!
We have a winner.
I know him.
That's the building manager
at Sean Quinn's apartment.
Alton brinkman.
I know our way in.
And someone's luck
is about to run out.
Barbara (Quietly):
So is she gonna stay with him?
George:
I don't know.
Well, she's got to
make a decision.
(Clears throat)
Hey, sis.
Hi, honey.
You want some iced tea?
Stop with the iced tea.
I don't have time; I got to
get back to leavenworth.
I thought that
was a dead end.
I need to try again.
Right now?
There's a sailor's life
on the line.
And that's your
responsibility?
Yes, mom.
This is what I do.
This is my job.
Are you sure
it's not your excuse, honey?
What's that supposed to mean?
George:
Um, we got company.
Barbara:
Who is it?
George:
Some guy in a suit.
Silver hair.
Great.
Are you really in Oklahoma?
Howdy.
What are you doing here, Gibbs?
We're heading to leavenworth.
Deal came through
for doogan.
How'd you pull that off?
Eleanor bishop,
it's not polite
to leave your company
hovering around outside.
It's also harder for us to
eavesdrop when you're out here.
(Barbara chuckles)
Mom, George,
this is my boss,
special agent
Leroy Jethro Gibbs.
Oh. Barbara.
It's a pleasure to
meet you. Finally.
Likewise.
You look like a coffee
man, agent Gibbs.
Why don't you
come on inside...
Uh, it'll have
to wait, mom.
We've got
somewhere to be.
Okay.
Bye, honey.
What the hell is this?
The terms for your deal.
What deal?
It says that
my life sentence stands.
With a possibility of parole.
You didn't have that before.
Parole in 40 years?
I wouldn't get out
till I was over 70!
Better than never.
Maybe I wasn't clear earlier.
The only way
you're getting my bone marrow
is if I get out of prison now.
You unloaded your m4
into two unarmed men.
Detainees!
Terrorists responsible for
countless deaths.
They got justice.
You acted as
judge, jury and executioner.
That's not justice.
You ever killed someone in
the line of work, agent bishop?
What about you,
agent Gibbs?
Yeah, how many?
Bad people, right?
But you did
what you had to.
So did I.
I sleep better at night
knowing that they're gone.
You shouldn't.
Because no matter
how many you stop,
there's always gonna be
someone to take their place.
This deal is the only one
you're ever gonna get, doogan.
You take it or leave it.
I'll leave it.
You want me to help
save that sailor's life?
Save mine first.
(Sighs)
I got nothing to say
till my lawyer gets here.
That's fine with us.
All the evidence we got on you,
we don't need a confession.
(Sighs)
If that were true,
you'd charge me.
You're bluffing.
Maybe we should
show him our hand.
Then he'll know
how deep a hole he's in.
Mm-hmm.
The glock we found
in your apartment.
Which I have a permit for.
Nice try.
Ballistics, genius.
The bullet that killed an
FBI agent came from this gun.
Sean Quinn regained
consciousness
and identified you
as the shooter.
Oh. There's the tell.
House wins.
Alton brinkman,
you are under arrest
for the murder of
special agent Charles Potter.
Okay, all right, wait!
Oh, you know
when to fold 'em, brinkman?
I can help you
take down my boss, all right?
You can bust his whole
counterfeit operation,
but you need to
give me protection.
He's got friends everywhere.
Then you better keep talking.
His name's Malcolm turro.
I was his monitor.
My job was to stay
below the radar
and keep an eye
on the lower-level runners.
Like Sean Quinn.
Yeah.
I got suspicious when you guys
showed up looking for him,
so I tailed him.
When I saw him with a fed,
i tried to take them both out.
I had no choice.
If turro had found out
that Sean was a snitch,
he'd have killed me
for letting it happen.
Turro's operation--
where's it located?
Out of a warehouse in Arlington.
I hope you'll join us
for Thanksgiving, Gibbs.
My husband would
love to meet you.
I'm sure he has
to get back, mom.
Ellie's a lot
like her father.
They're very direct.
They're both intellectuals,
and they're reserved.
And don't forget stubborn.
You know, a perfect example
was her fourth birthday.
She decided it was time to
take those training wheels
off her bike.
So the training
wheels came off.
Yeah, ell barely made it
down the driveway
before she toppled over.
Thought for sure
she was gonna cry.
But she didn't.
Oh, no. She got
right back on the bike.
That's my daughter.
(Phone ringing)
I'll get it.
Would you like some more
chicken? You okay?
Don't mind if I do.
Hello?
I told you not to call here.
No, I'm not coming
back for Thanksgiving.
It's not my concern, Jake.
Spend it wherever
and with whomever you want.
(Sighs)
That's it.
I-i can't take this anymore.
George...
No, mom.
Jake has the nerve to call
this house after what he did,
and that's the only thing
you have to say to him?
Not me. I'm calling that weasel
back and telling him off.
Who does he think he is?!
George Russell
bishop, sit down.
Don't make me out to be
the bad guy.
I'm the only one
acting normally here.
She's my little sister,
and if he thinks he can
disrespect her like that...
Okay! Enough!
Just, stop it! Both of you.
I don't need you
fighting my battles.
This is my life, my marriage,
and it's my decision.
So back off!
What is wrong with you?
(Sighs) Okay, my
timing wasn't great.
You think?
Go cool off.
I'm gonna go talk to her.
Excuse me.
(Cell phone ringing)
Yeah.
Gibbs.
Boss, hey. I'm at the hospital.
Alex Quinn's taken
a turn for the worse.
We're running out of time.
Going somewhere?
Gibbs, uh...
I was just going
for a run.
I need to clear my head.
I think you done enough
running, bishop.
(Sighs)
A lecture is the last thing
i need right now.
Hmm. What do you need?
For everyone to stop treating me
like I'm this fragile thing
that's about to break.
(Laughs)
What?
How many times a week
did you check on me after Iraq?
You kept showing up,
even after I said I was fine.
That's different, Gibbs.
You almost died.
We were all worried.
So is your family.
They just want
to make it better.
I've been so inundated
with everyone's opinions on...
How I should feel,
and what I should do
that I haven't been able
to actually process it myself.
You can't do that
if you won't talk about it.
Wow.
You are telling me to talk
about my feelings?
All right.
Tell me, Gibbs, how-how have
you processed getting shot?
Who is it that
you're opening up to?
Dr. taft.
I've been talking with him
since the Sudan case.
Everyone reaches a point,
bishop, even me.
You just got
to take the first step.
What if I can't?
Rule number 28--
"when you need help, ask."
(Sighs)
Fornell:
Okay.
We've set up the
surveillance Van
at the warehouse
in Arlington.
Any sign of Malcolm turro?
Not yet.
Brinkman better not
be playing us.
Well, he wasn't lying
about turro being dangerous.
McGee:
Interpol's been after
him since 2008.
Turro's wanted in connection
with over 15 murders.
Tony: His first foray
into counterfeiting was
in Belarus.
(Phone ringing)
Fornell.
Set up a perimeter.
We're on our way.
Visual confirmation
on turro. Let's move.
The threading is good.
I want this batch to hit the
market during the holidays.
Federal agents!
Don't move!
(Grunts)
Put the weapon down, turro.
There are two ways this can go.
Choose wisely.
(Grunts)
Make that three ways.
(Chains jingling)
Bad cop sitting this one out?
He's waiting outside.
You have good news for me?
There's not gonna be
another deal.
It's not possible
with your conviction.
Then why'd you come back here?
Because we still
need your help.
I think you're a good person
who made mistakes.
You don't know a thing about me.
I know about the two
Iraqi detainees you killed.
How they were responsible
for targeting U.S. troops
with roadside bombs.
One of their victims was...
Corporal David Logan.
He was your friend.
Look...
Grief can push anyone
to extremes.
You wanted revenge.
What I did saved
soldiers' lives.
And it cost you yours.
(Photo shuffling on table)
I can't change the past.
No,
but...
You can change the future.
Yours and Alex Quinn's.
A sailor who fought
bravely for his country,
and he's fighting for his life.
A life...
That you can save.
You once took an oath
to never leave
a fallen soldier behind.
Now's your chance
to make good on that promise.
A deal was my only shot
at getting out of here.
I just wanted a fresh start.
That's exactly what this is--
a new beginning.
I know.
Don't let a bad situation define
who you are.
Alex should receive the
transplant in a few days.
Should be on his
feet by the new year.
Thanks to doogan.
And you.
I wasn't sure I'd be able
to get through to him.
I never doubted
you for a moment.
You're late.
It's good to see you,
too, brother.
Brinkman and turro
have been processed.
And I have just enough time
to pick up wine for tonight.
Big Thanksgiving plans?
No. Just dinner
with Emily if she hasn't already
burned the place down.
(Laughs)
Why are you still here?
Oh, I offered
to do McGee's reports
so he and Delilah could join
Abby at the soup kitchen.
Look at you, all filled
with the holiday spirit.
Just looking out for my team.
Heard about your little
Sudan trip.
About la grenouille's doctor
daughter.
It's a small
world, isn't it?
Feels smaller every day.
(Sighs)
Fornell?
Here, this'll save you
a trip to the store.
A châteauneuf-du-pape?
Very nice.
Happy Thanksgiving.
All right, this
is too pathetic.
Grab your stuff, let's go.
Go where?
My house.
You're inviting me to your house
for Thanksgiving dinner?
I thought I was your second
least favorite?
You are, but dry Turkey,
blackened dinner rolls--
it's really more
of a punishment.
So now that we're friends,
can I call you Toby?
Don't push your luck.
(Laughs)
Ah.
Bird's coming along nicely.
You know, we have
a peeler for that.
Mm-hmm.
My daughter doesn't open up
to many people, Gibbs.
So I guess if she trusts you,
I should, too.
It is not easy knowing
she's hundreds of miles away,
working in a dangerous job.
If I had my way,
she'd live here
and be a teacher.
Or a nun.
Daughters.
That being said, um,
it is very comforting
to know she's surrounded
by people who care about her.
I'll look after her.
I'm counting on that.
Mom, where's the
serving platter?
Oh, honey, I'll do that.
You-you two finish up here.
Come on.
Uh, you know, your brothers
and your father are gonna
be here in a minute.
Gibbs, keep that knife handy.
This bunch that's coming in now?
(Laughs)
I'm, um... I'm ready
to go home, back to DC.
I'll head out Saturday.
You got room in your
truck for one more?
Only booked a
one-way ticket.
Wasn't leaving
here without you.
Yeah, I could use a navigator.
(Peeling)
Happy Thanksgiving, Gibbs.
Yeah.
You, too, bishop.